Replace use of the TLS presentation language with QUIC encoding (#3108)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

## QUIC Transport Parameters Extension {#quic_parameters}

QUIC transport parameters are carried in a TLS extension. Different versions of

> QUIC might define a different format for them.

Reviewer: "them" is a little vague.

```suggestion
QUIC might define a different method for negotiating transport configuration.
```
